Doom Builder 2 command-line arguments
==========================================================================================

Usage:

   builder.exe [wadfile] [-map mapname] [-cfg configname] [-delaywindow] [-nopreferences]
               [-strictpatches] [-resource wad|dir|pk3 [roottextures] [rootflats]
               [strictpatches] [notest] resourcename]

==========================================================================================

Parameters:

- wadfile
This is a .WAD file to load immediately after Doom Builder has started up. Unless -map
and -cfg are used, this will show the map-options dialog.

- map
Where 'mapname' is the name of the map (map header lump name) such as MAP01 or E1M1. When
specified, this will indicate the map to load from the specified wad file. Use in
combination with -cfg to provide the required information to skip the map-options dialog.

- cfg
Where 'configname' is a game configuration filename, for example, "ZDoom_DoomHexen.cfg".
Do NOT include the path, all game configurations must be in the Configurations subfolder.
When used in combination with -map this will provide the required information to load a
map directly and skip the map-options dialog.

- delaywindow
This delays showing the main interface window until the automatic map loading from
command line parameters is completed, and the program is not terminating yet. This is
usefull for plugins that can be used to perform batch processes where the showing of the
main interface window is not desired. If a plugin completes it's actions on map load and
terminates the application immediately, the main window will not be shown at all.

- nosettings
When this parameter is specified, Doom Builder will not load your preferences or game
configuration settings and will use the default settings instead. You will not lose your
original settings, but when this parameter is specified your settings will not be saved.

- strictpatches
Specify this parameter to enforce strictly loading texture patches from between P_START
and P_END marker lumps only. This can solve lump name conflicts, but old WAD files do not
always adhere to this rule.

- resource
When -wadfile is specified, the -resource option can be used to add additional resources
that must be loaded along with the wad file. Note that these are added to the resources
which are automatically loaded due to the selection of a game configuration. You can
repeat this option for any number of resources you wish to add. As always, the last
specified resource will override any data in earlier specified resource. This parameter
has the following arguments:

   wad|dir|pk3       Either 'wad', 'dir' or 'pk3' must be specified to indicate how this
                     resource must be loaded. This is the same as selecting the tabs in
                     the resource options dialog in Doom Builder. This is required.

   roottextures      This specifies that any images in the root directory of the resource
                     must be loaded as textures. This is optional and can only be
                     specified for directory resources.

   rootflats         This specifies that any images in the root directory of the resource
                     must be loaded as flats. This is optional and can only be
                     specified for directory resources.

   strictpatches     Set this for wad resources to load patches with strict rules to
                     solve lump name conflicts. Same as -strictpatches described above.
                     This is optional and can only be specified for wad resources.
   
   notest            Indicates that this resource will not be included in the parameters
                     for the game engine when testing the map. This is optional.

==========================================================================================

Examples:

This loads the file "Ubermegawad.wad" after Doom Builder is initialized and shows the
map-options dialog:

   builder.exe "C:\Games\Doom\My Maps\Ubermegawad.wad"

Same as the example above, but now without showing the map-options dialog and instead
immediately loads map MAP23 with the game configuration for Doom 2:

   builder.exe "C:\Games\Doom\My Maps\Ubermegawad.wad" -map MAP23 -cfg "Doom2.cfg"

Same as the example above, but with added wad file resource and PK3 file resource:

   builder.exe "C:\Games\Doom\My Maps\Ubermegawad.wad" -map MAP23 -cfg "Doom2.cfg"
               -resource wad strictpatches "C:\Games\Doom\gothtextures.wad"
               -resource pk3 "C:\Games\Doom\hardmonsters.pk3"

